what's up yours BTS Oh Rose we are the
painting boys
then came boys painting boys is it
bangtan boys or ding ding bye
this is supposedly live Nobel thanking I
don't know how much masters oh we are
the banking sisters system
hey we're botched you the first in a day
and we are in the guest room
also known as the hospital for every
time we need a hospital okay let's do it
taxes
now
is this look
I'm okay
job
huh acting swiftly respond hello that
works oh oh gee hey guys and welcome to
my summer luck we're gonna do something
really bright and fun for summer so
let's get started first let's start with
flower giving me a sparkly white look
brigands oh yeah nothing huh fossil
after that we're gonna grab a nice pop
red that blends in really well with your
fingers so I list it it's gonna cost
Gary just like brenda sings you kidding
me put your lipstick on your face that's
bad that's a bad impression this is
scary doug liman joker right now
you aren't joker huh you made a lot of
jokes lastly let's grab a razzle dazzle
blue applying it around the eyeballs
area that helps tie everything in
together if I do say so myself I
absolutely love this look I hope you
guys do too
thank you so much for watching remember
this is Regina summer laughs don't
friggin steal that shit you know it's
not easy being a makeup guru but uh pays
the bills
so sponsored by Lancome Lancome you know
like that stop max crack you know as
they say I also work with Sephora yeah
that's a lot of tickets you're sitting
there for scissors
what that was a rhetorical question look
what that was a red aura quit
- oh you want me to go you want me to go
I can go first and you if you want to go
out you got fish again but anyway you
want to go around and go fair I won't
marry anyone go far go without a doubt
of it Oh
better than that I've done it then then
I'm done then a minute man Macarena Hey
oh it's wet yeah we all right oh yeah oh
yeah yes I feel that pump the energy
back into pom pom we are still daylight
this supposed to be a today's shoot I
got to a late start and we still got
done running like my Angelo cars you can
feel my heartbeat in my stomach kind of
like D'Angelo you see it a little bit
just leave it one like right here you're
sweaty
I know clear joke on my side she hey
guys thanks for watching this week's BTS
also known as behind the scenes not
maintained sauce sauce boss job work hey
I'm telling word ah time to go watch
some Netflix